Start in Settings, and open the Hardware group.
p02
Five lists live here, and together they describe the machines at a wash:
p03
the terminals that exist, the screen layouts they run, and the lube-bay buttons they show.
p04
Think of this as the field tech's corner of Settings,
p05
the place you check before you touch anything at the site.
p06
Click Hardware / Terminals.
p07
Every machine a wash runs shows up here as one row:
p08
its location, its address on the network, the build it runs, and when it last checked in.
p09
When a site reports a dead register, start here.
p10
A terminal that isn't listed, or whose last-seen time is hours stale,
p11
has already told you something.
p12
The rows didn't load today, so read the columns.
p13
Now Screen Layout.
p14
This one loaded.
p15
The tiles count six layouts, split evenly between POS and kiosk,
p16
and each row pins a screen type and a resolution to a location.
p17
A portrait kiosk, a landscape register, each with its own entry.
p18
One quirk: the card claims six records but lists two.
p19
Trust the tiles for the real count, and treat the rows as samples.
p20
System Types is next.
p21
It's a short lookup list, one description per row,
p22
the kind of behind-the-scenes list other pages point at.
p23
Nothing to configure day to day.
p24
Today it didn't load either, so note what it is and move on.
p25
When you see "failed to fetch" on a page like this, it's the data service, not an empty list.
p26
Lube Buttons.
p27
Here's button wiring at its plainest.
p28
Twenty-four buttons across a few lube-bay terminals, one row each.
p29
The row names the group it belongs to, the terminal it appears on,
p30
the label the operator taps, and the tile's color.
p31
Oil Change in teal, Tire Rotation in blue.
p32
When someone says a lube button is wrong, this is the row you read.
p33
Lube Checklists.
p34
One column, the service.
p35
These are the checklist items a lube bay works through on a job.
p36
Like System Types, it didn't load today,
p37
so read the column and the purpose, not the values.
p38
A menu tour like this is about knowing where each list lives,
p39
so that when a ticket points here you go straight to it.
p40
Collapse Hardware, and open UI and Display.
p41
Eleven lists this time.
p42
Most are the paint and the plumbing: button types, images, colors, templates.
p43
We'll read the ones a technician gets asked about:
p44
the cashier and greeter buttons, the button groups behind them,
p45
the macros, and the kiosk screen flows.
p46
The rest are the lookups those five draw from.
p47
Button Groups.
p48
A group is just the named set a button is filed under,
p49
the same group value you saw on the lube buttons a moment ago.
p50
Two columns, a description and whether it's active.
p51
It didn't load today, so read the shape.
p52
Groups are the folder; the buttons are what's inside.
p53
Cashier Buttons.
p54
These are the tap targets on the register screen.
p55
Each row is a button: its slot number, its label,
p56
the kind of action it runs, and its tile color.
p57
So "the void button moved" or "the wrong color" is answered right here, one row per button.
p58
The list didn't load today, but the columns tell the story.
p59
Greeter Buttons.
p60
Same four columns, aimed at the greeter station out at the lane instead of the register.
p61
Keeping the two lists apart lets a site put different buttons
p62
in front of the greeter than the cashier.
p63
If a lane's entry screen looks wrong, you check here, not the cashier page.
p64
This one didn't load today either.
p65
Macros.
p66
A macro is a saved action a button or a scanned barcode can fire.
p67
The columns tell you its type, whether a barcode triggers it,
p68
and whether it also shows on the handheld.
p69
That last one matters when an operator says a shortcut works
p70
at the register but not on the handheld device.
p71
It didn't load today, so read the columns.
p72
Last list: Kiosk Screen Flows.
p73
This is where self-serve kiosk screens are built and pushed live.
p74
The tiles count three flows, two published and one draft, across eleven screens.
p75
Each row is a flow: its locations, how many screens and tappable hotspots, and a status chip.
p76
Read the chip first.
p77
Published is live on the kiosks;
p78
a draft, like Express Tunnel, is built but not out yet.
p79
The create button here reads New Flow.
p80
So that's Hardware and UI and Display.
p81
Hardware registers the machines and their screens.
p82
UI and Display wires the buttons a cashier and greeter tap,
p83
the macros behind them, and the kiosk flows a site publishes.
p84
Two groups, ten lists, all read-only for you.
p85
Learn where each one lives, because a POS ticket usually ends on one of these pages.